README.md, before:

# ruby-marshal

[![Build Status][Build Status Image]][Build Status]
[Build Status Image]: https://travis-ci.org/filib/ruby-marshal.svg?branch=master
[Build Status]: https://travis-ci.org/filib/ruby-marshal

Haskell library to parse a subset of Ruby objects serialised with Marshal.dump.

## TODO

- [x] Support `nil`
- [x] Support `true | false`
- [x] Support `Fixnum`
- [x] Support `Array` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/1
- [x] Support `Hash` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/2
- [x] Support `String` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/3
- [x] Support `Symbol` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/4
- [x] Support `Symlink` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/35
- [x] Support `Float` https://github.com/filib/ruby-marshal/issues/12

## Contributing

1. Fork it.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
5. Create new Pull Request.

## Contributors

- [@filib](https://github.com/filib)
- [@adinapoli](https://github.com/adinapoli)

## Similar Libraries

- [adjust/gorails](https://github.com/adjust/gorails)
- [instore/node-marshal](https://github.com/instore/node-marshal)
- [mfz/ruby-marshal](https://code.google.com/p/mfz-ruby-marshal)
- [noxyu3m/erlang-ruby-marshal](https://github.com/noxyu3m/erlang-ruby-marshal)

Commit message:

replace todo with supported types.

README.md, after:

# ruby-marshal

[![Build Status][Build Status Image]][Build Status]
[Build Status Image]: https://travis-ci.org/filib/ruby-marshal.svg?branch=master
[Build Status]: https://travis-ci.org/filib/ruby-marshal

Haskell library to parse a subset of Ruby objects serialised with Marshal.dump.

## Supported Types

- `NilClass`
- `TrueClass | FalseClass`
- `Array`
- `Fixnum`
- `Float`
- `Hash`
- `String`
- `Symbol`

If you would like to add support for another type, please feel free to
create an issue or open a pull request using the guidelines below.

## Contributing

1. Fork it.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
5. Create new Pull Request.

### Contributors

- [@filib](https://github.com/filib)
- [@adinapoli](https://github.com/adinapoli)

## Similar Libraries

- [adjust/gorails](https://github.com/adjust/gorails)
- [instore/node-marshal](https://github.com/instore/node-marshal)
- [mfz/ruby-marshal](https://code.google.com/p/mfz-ruby-marshal)
- [noxyu3m/erlang-ruby-marshal](https://github.com/noxyu3m/erlang-ruby-marshal)
